Tokens NFTs - Updated Token Program Advanced lesson (#512)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/courses/tokens-and-nfts/token-program-advanced.md

  "How to burn tokens, and approve/revoke token delegations on Solana."
---

### Summary

> - **Burning tokens**, which reduces the total supply of a token by removing them
>   from circulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Burning tokens** reduces the total supply of a token by removing them
  from circulation.
```

> - **Approve a delegate**, allowing another account to transfer or burn a
>   specified amount of tokens from a token account while retaining original
>   ownership.
> - **Revoke a delegate**, removing their authority to act on behalf of the token
>   account owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Approving a delegate**, allows another account to transfer or burn a specified amount of tokens from a token account while retaining original account ownership.
- **Revoking a delegate**, removes their authority to act on behalf of the token account owner.
```

Reviewer: Consistent with 'Burning tokens' above.

- Each of these operations is facilitated through the `spl-token` library,
  utilizing specific functions for each action.

### Lesson

> In this lesson, we'll cover burning tokens and delegation. You may not use these
> in your own application, so if you're more interested in NFTs, feel free to skip
> ahead to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this lesson, we'll cover burning tokens and delegation. You may not have a need for these
in your own application, so if you're more interested in NFTs, feel free to skip
ahead to
```

Reviewer: "You may not use" could be misinterpreted and we want to make it clear.

[creating NFTs with Metaplex](/content/courses/tokens-and-nfts/nfts-with-metaplex.md)!

#### Burn Tokens

Burning tokens is the process of decreasing the token supply of a given token

> mint. Burning tokens remove the tokens from the given token account and from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mint. Burning tokens removes the tokens from the given token account and from
```

broader circulation.

To burn tokens using the `spl-token` library, use the
[`burn()`](https://solana-labs.github.io/solana-program-library/token/js/functions/burn.html#burn)

> function.

Reviewer: Love the links as always.
